This folder contains overrides for Apache Solr search.

The schema.xml file is included from the `search_api_solr` module. No changes were made there, but this worked better than the default Acquia Search hosted file.

This mainly adds support for Arabic text. Many of these files have been generated by the `search_api_solr_multilingual` module. The stopwords and synonyms have been customized for Alshaya.

The stopwords have been split into English and Arabic. The Arabic stopwords have been combined with those provided by Solr.

The synonyms have been split into English and Arabic synonym files. Spaces around commas have been removed and English text has been converted into lower case. 

There are phrases in the synonym file that will be ignored since they have spaces. Solr first breaks the search term into individual words on white space, so it never sees these phrases. These were not removed in case they are needed for reference.

Example: `car seat,car seats,baby seat`

Arabic protected words (`protwords`) have not been added at this time.

The `schema_extra_types.xml` defines a text field type for English and Arabic.

The `schema_extra_fields.xml` defines an extra dynamic field for English and Arabic text.

Note: The `search_api_solr_multilingual` module defined an undefined text field type (`text_und`) which was duplicated by the default field type. That has been manually removed.

Elevated search is also added with `elevate.xml`. This allows the platform to raise specific results for specific terms. This will apply across all sites on ACSF.
